hello everybody today I'm gonna show you
how to pick a master key lock
I don't want moved up here on my old
pellet under the type cannot say mostly
in copyright crap lock well you guys
that use a lot of locks just by looking
at it you could pretty much know I'm
playing it safe and just don't for
saying that
I did screw those little ones we'll
start in a smaller flat hat what you do
and I put a good look down in here
this son yeah right yeah you put your
big paint not really
please put your average size start now
down the Navy pretty tiny little flat
head right down like that most of them
are different so it does take a bit
really just work around with this and
you feel pins on this side so work it in
hold this here this is just the most
irritating you don't really reach down
into the bottom and flip the bottom pick
just by trying like that and turn it you
know just a good turn just the lowest
the latest thing
just the slightest
and it is you work your way up it comes
in
you little
she's really whip its way through voila
just like that it's pretty simple
just pretty simple just really working
the first pens building
since back fairly easy once you get the
hang of it it's pretty much easy as heck
don't really do this one at the moment
but for watching
and do it